## Meeting #4 Minutes 

Date: 17 March 2025  
Time: 5:00 PM to 6:30 PM  
Location: Discord

### Attendees
- Brian  
- Omar  
- Mohamed Ali  
- Fares  
- Kassem  
- Sam

### Absentees
- None


### Agenda
1. Finalize and review sprint user stories.  
2. Organize next steps for integration and testing.  
3. Assign final tasks before Sprint 3 wrap-up.

---

### Discussion

- **Fares**  
  - Will be responsible for preparing and writing the Sprint 3 meeting minutes for submission.  
  - Continued development on emoji UI features.  
  - Related GitHub Issues:  
    - [#166](https://github.com/team-commitment-issues/team_commitment_issues-SOEN341_Project_W25/issues/166)  
    - [#167](https://github.com/team-commitment-issues/team_commitment_issues-SOEN341_Project_W25/issues/167)  
    - [#168](https://github.com/team-commitment-issues/team_commitment_issues-SOEN341_Project_W25/issues/168)  
    - [#169](https://github.com/team-commitment-issues/team_commitment_issues-SOEN341_Project_W25/issues/169)  
    - [#170](https://github.com/team-commitment-issues/team_commitment_issues-SOEN341_Project_W25/issues/170)

- **Omar**  
  - Acting as the project secretary:  
    - Responsible for organizing meetings and ensuring the team remains aligned with sprint goals.  
    - Verified that milestones are being met according to the timeline.  
  - Continued frontend work on user presence functionality.  
  - GitHub Issue:  
    - [#160](https://github.com/team-commitment-issues/team_commitment_issues-SOEN341_Project_W25/issues/160)

- **Brian**  
  - Finalized and documented Sprint 3 user stories, ensuring they are well-scoped and complete.  
  - Linked tasks and acceptance criteria to GitHub Issues for team tracking.  
  - Main Sprint 3 User Stories:  
    - US 3.1 – As a user, I want to join default/public/private channels.  
    - US 3.2 – As a user, I want to view other users' online status and last seen time.  
    - US 3.3 – As a user, I want to use emojis when chatting.  
    - US 3.4 – As a user, I want to quote previous messages to reply in context.

- **Mohamed Ali**  
  - Working on backend API integrations for presence and channel management.  
  - Collaborated with Sam to connect frontend requests to backend routes.  
  - GitHub Issue:  
    - [#162](https://github.com/team-commitment-issues/team_commitment_issues-SOEN341_Project_W25/issues/162)

- **Kassem**  
  - Continued development of quoting feature on the frontend.  
  - Coordinating with Fares to ensure emoji and quote features coexist smoothly.  
  - GitHub Issue:  
    - [#165](https://github.com/team-commitment-issues/team_commitment_issues-SOEN341_Project_W25/issues/165)

- **Sam**  
  - Backend developer supporting quoting and emoji message formats.  
  - Assisting with API testing and response handling.  
  - GitHub Issue:  
    - [#163](https://github.com/team-commitment-issues/team_commitment_issues-SOEN341_Project_W25/issues/163)


### Decisions Made
- Sprint 3 user stories are finalized and will guide testing and evaluation.  
- Integration of frontend and backend components to begin immediately.  
- All members should link commits to appropriate GitHub issues.


### Action Items
- Fares → Write and submit the Sprint 3 meeting minutes.  
- Omar → Continue coordinating team meetings and milestone tracking.  
- Brian → Ensure user stories are properly documented on GitHub.  
- Mohamed Ali, Kassem, Sam → Focus on backend/frontend integration and testing.



### Next Meeting
**Date:** 19 March 2025  
**Time:** 5:00 PM to 6:30 PM  
**Location:** Discord
